Template variable workflow updates throughout docs (#21670)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/template_variables.md

## Add a template variable

To add a template variable in a dashboard:
1. Click **Add Variables**. 
1. If template variables are already defined, hover over the dashboard header and click the **Edit** button to enter edit mode.
1. In edit mode, click the **+ (plus)** icon to create a new template variable.
1. (Optional) After selecting a tag, click the **+ Configure Dropdown Values** button to rename the variable and set default or available values.
  {{< img src="dashboards/template_variables/add_template_variable_configure_dropdown_values.png" alt="Add Variable popover showing the Configure Dropdown Values button" style="width:80%;" >}}

## Edit a template variable

To edit a template variable in a dashboard:
1. Click the **Edit** button in the dashboard header.
1. In edit mode, click on a template variable and make changes in the popover.

> 1. To rearrange variables in the header, hover over a variable and hold down the drag icon handle to drag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To rearrange variables in the header, hover over a variable, then click and drag the drag icon handle.
```
